[[More Island Missions]]
This mod adds four new, island-specific missions to Into the Breach:
1) Archive -- Detonate the Warheads
2) R.S.T. -- Radio Readings
3) Pinnacle -- Train the Robots
4) Detritus -- Fuel the Laser Array

More detail on the missions below.

1) Archive -- Detonate the Warheads
Haven't we all wanted to destroy R.S.T.'s prototype bombs, either to get rid of Vek or just for fun? This simple mission should scratch your "blowing stuff up" itch.
Navigating around those bulky warheads can be tricky, but the explosions can be used to your advantage. (Enemy spawns are also reduced, to account for the extra targets.)

2) R.S.T. -- Radio Readings
Keep a member of your squad in the designated area to provide the island's weather scientists with an improvised wi-fi hotspot. This must be done over three turns in total.
The two radio towers can take more of a beating compared to other passive structures, but they must both remain standing to earn you that sweet sweet reputation star.

3) Pinnacle -- Train the Robots
Pinnacle's sentient weapons finally lend a helping hand in this mission. Teach them some proper Vekticide protocols so they can keep the island safe once you're gone.
The robots don't actually need to survive, even if their deaths would make Zenith about 5.7% sadder. As long as you provide enough combat data, the reward is yours.

4) Detritus -- Fuel the Laser Array
It's like a train mission, except you control the train, it can help out a little, and... okay, maybe it's nothing like a train mission after all. Hopefully that's a good thing?
Bring this little truck to its destination, unload its fuel shipment, and you'll immediately get a big bad laser turret to play with. Make it quick - you'll need the extra firepower.

Additional info:
The mod is compatible with ITB 1.2, the current version of the game.
The mod *should* be compatible with most other mods. Let me know if there's anything it does not play nice with.
The four missions can be disabled individually in the mod options.
Each mission comes with four associated maps. More might be added in the future.

Known issues:
The graphics for the robots in "Pinnacle -- Train the Robots" have improper shading.

---CREDITS---
[[Author]]
Machin

[[Scripting]]
Made possible with code, utilities and debugging advice by:
kartoFlane
tosx
Lemonymous
NamesAreHard
ATLAS
(Plus other folk at #modding-creation I might have missed!)

[[Art]]
Custom sprites based on Subset Games' existing art

[[Special thanks]]
Mondragon (for thorough testing and feedback)
tosx (for testing, and whose Island Missions inspired this mod)